Lazydocs: API Reference doc refresh (#1424)
wandb/docs: content/en/guides/integrations/prodigy.md

## Quickstart

> Use `wandb.integration.prodigy.upload_dataset` to upload your annotated prodigy dataset directly from the local Prodigy database to W&B in our [Table]({{< relref "/ref/python/sdk/data-types/table" >}}) format. For more information on Prodigy, including installation & setup, please refer to the [Prodigy documentation](https://prodi.gy/docs/).

Reviewer: The first sentence is a bit of a runon.

> W&B will automatically try to convert images and named entity fields to [`wandb.Image`]({{< relref "/ref/python/sdk/data-types/image" >}}) and [`wandb.Html`]({{< relref "/ref/python/sdk/data-types/html" >}})respectively. Extra columns may be added to the resulting table to include these visualizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
W&B tries to convert images and named entity fields to [`wandb.Image`]({{< relref "/ref/python/sdk/data-types/image" >}}) and [`wandb.Html`]({{< relref "/ref/python/sdk/data-types/html" >}}) automatically. Extra columns may be added to the resulting table to include these visualizations.
```
Does the last sentence mean "You can add" or or "W&B will add"?
